Clarify step 12 of server upgrade (#3932)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/upgrade.rst

     sudo systemctl start mattermost

> #. If you are using an HA deployment, please apply the steps above on all the nodes in your cluster. After that, the "Config File MD5" column in the "High Availability" should be green. If they are yellow, please ensure that all nodes have the same server version and the same config. If they still show yellow, then there's a simple trick to trigger a config propagation across the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If you're using a High Availability deployment you need to apply the steps above on all the nodes in your cluster. Once complete, the **Config File MD5** columns in the High Availability interface should be green. If they're yellow, please ensure that all nodes have the same server version and the same configuration. 

If they still show yellow, then you need to trigger a config propagation across the cluster:
```

Author: Ah my bad, it should be "High Availability section".

   #. Open the System Console and change a setting, then revert it. This will enable the **Save** button for that page.
   #. Click **Save**.

>    This will not change any config, but send the existing config to all nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This sends the new config to all nodes in the cluster - but will not affect any existing config.
```
I based my suggestion on the original content as that seemed to make sense as the "existing" config in this case is new/changed config?

Author: The re-phrasing makes it like the existing config is not changed, but some new config is sent to all the nodes, which is not what's happening.

     sudo systemctl start mattermost

#. If you're using a High Availability deployment you need to apply the steps above on all the nodes in your cluster. Once complete, the **Config File MD5** columns in the High Availability section of the system console should be green. If they're yellow, please ensure that all nodes have the same server version and the same configuration. 

If they still show yellow, then you need to trigger a config propagation across the cluster:

   #. Open the System Console and change a setting, then revert it. This will enable the **Save** button for that page.
   #. Click **Save**.

>    This will not change any config, but send the existing config to all nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will not change any config, but sends the existing config to all nodes in the cluster.

```

Reviewer: @agnivade, I re-edited it. LMK what you think.

Author: Done. Thanks!
